[pkg/ottl] Update set function to support nil values (#49431)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

Reviewer: Lets add a new Feature Gate section to OTTL's top-level readme. Something like https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/processor/transformprocessor/README.md#feature-gate. I want to make this change as discoverable as possible.

Lets also reference in all the READMEs of all the component's in Contrib that use OTTL.

The `set` function allows users to set a telemetry field using a value.

`target` is a path expression to a telemetry field. `value` is any value type. 

> **Note on `nil` values:** Prior to the `ottl.set.allowNil` alpha feature gate, if `value` resolves to `nil` (e.g., it references an unset map value), there will be no action. When the `ottl.set.allowNil` feature gate is enabled, passing `nil` will clear the target field (setting it to an empty value/null). For strictly typed fields (like scalars or lists), it safely assigns the target's zero-value (e.g., `""` or `0`) to prevent collector panics. Users relying on the old no-op behavior should migrate their configurations to use conditional checks (e.g., `set(...) where field != nil`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note on `nil` values:** The default behavior is for `set` to ignore `nil` values, resulting in nothing being set. This behavior changes with the `ottl.set.allowNil` feature gate. When `ottl.set.allowNil` is enabled passing `nil` will clear the target field (setting it to an empty value/null). For strictly typed fields (like scalars or lists), it safely assigns the target's zero-value (e.g., `""` or `0`) to prevent collector panics. Users relying on the old no-op behavior should migrate their configurations to use conditional checks (e.g., `set(...) where field != nil`).
```
